# Terms of Service

These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions applicable to your access to and use of websites, mobile sites, mobile applications and other portals owned, operated, marketed or made available by PriceListing. This document is a legally binding agreement between you, the user of the website (“you”, “your” or “user”) and the PriceListing website “us”.
By accessing and using the Sites and Services, you accept the Terms and agree to be bound by them. You may not access or use the Services or the Sites unless you agree to all of the Terms. You may not access or use the Services or the Sites and may not agree to the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with PriceListing, or (b) you are not authorized to receive the Services under the laws of any country/region, including the / The area in which you reside or from which you access and use the Services and Sites. PriceListing may modify any of the Terms at any time by posting the applicable amended and restated Terms on the Site. By continuing to access or use the Service or Site, you agree to the revised and updated Terms. Subject to the terms of access to and use of the Site or Services. You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations when accessing or using the Site or the Services. You agree that (a) you may not copy, reproduce, download, reproduce, duplicate, download, reproduce, modify or modify the Services or any information, messages, or information. Images, graphics, video clips, audio, directories, files, databases or listings, etc. will not be published, sold, distributed or re-sold on or through the Site. ("Site Content") and (b) you will not copy, reproduce, download, collect or use any Site Content for the purpose of conducting such business. that competes with or commercial use of PriceListing. Website Content. Systematic mining of Site Content from the Site to directly or indirectly create or compile a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether by means of robots, crawlers, automated devices or manual processes) without written permission from PriceListing is prohibited. Use of any content or materials on the Site for any purpose not expressly permitted by the Terms is prohibited.

Please see our Privacy Policy to learn how we and our affiliates use and protect your personal information when you use the applicable Site. , channel or otherwise), API or otherwise to the websites of such third parties. You are encouraged to read the terms and/or privacy policies of such websites before using the websites. You acknowledge that PriceListing has no control over these third party websites, does not monitor such websites, and will not be responsible or liable to anyone for such websites, or any content, products or services available on or through such websites. You agree not to take any action. To undermine the integrity of PriceListing's computer system or network and / or other users. and may not access such computer systems or networks without permission. You agree that you will not take any action that undermines the integrity of PriceListing's feedback system, such as using a secondary member ID or leaving positive feedback for yourself through a third party, or Leaving unfounded negative feedback for another user. By posting or displaying logos, trademarks, service marks, trademarks, product listing descriptions/information and any other information, content or materials (any information, content or materials, collectively “User Content”) on the Sites; or by providing 'PriceListing to the User' and/or its affiliates and their respective representatives, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the User to PriceListing and/or its affiliates and their respective entities an irrevocable , grants a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free and sublicensable license (at multiple levels). To display, transmit, distribute, reproduce, publish, copy, adapt, edit, modify, translate, create derivative works from, remove any part of User Content; (including, without limitation, watermark or trademark that your User Content bears. ) and otherwise use any or all of your User Content for anyone. BUT, SUPPORT OR TECHNOLOGY, NOW KNOWN OR IN ANY WAY NOT NOW KNOWN, ON THE SITES, Alibaba Channels and/or Third Party Channels and for any purpose that directly or indirectly benefits PriceListing from the operation of the Websites. May deliver, provide promotional services and services and/or user activity. You represent and warrant to PriceListing that you have all rights, power and authority necessary to provide the above License and User Content, and that such User Content (derivatives) by PriceListing and/or its affiliates under this License use) is free to infringe or violate the rights of any third parties. To the extent permitted by law, you waive your right to enforce your intellectual property rights in User Content against PriceListing and/or its affiliates, assigns or sub-licensees in connection with your use of such User Content. Information protected by data protection laws will only be used and stored in accordance with those laws. User must be registered with the Sites in order to access or use certain Services (a Registered User is also referred to as a “Member” below). A user may only register one member account on the site unless authorized by PriceListing. PriceListing may suspend or terminate a user's member account if PriceListing has reason to suspect that the user has registered or controls two or more member accounts at the same time. In addition, PriceListing may decline a User's registration application for any reason. Upon registration on the Sites, PriceListing will assign an account and issue an ID and password to each registered User (the latter will be chosen by the registered User during registration). The account may have a web email account with limited storage space for members to send or receive email. A unique combination of member ID and password for an account. Each Member maintains the confidentiality and security of its Member ID and Password and is solely responsible for all uses and activities (whether such use or activities are authorized or not) occurring on Your Account. No Member may transfer, assign or authorize the use of their account, ID or password by another person, including others within the Member's business organization (if applicable).

Please see our Privacy Policy to learn how we and our affiliates use and protect your personal information when you use the applicable Site. , channel or otherwise), API or otherwise to the websites of such third parties. You are encouraged to read the terms and/or privacy policies of such websites before using the websites. You acknowledge that PriceListing has no control over these third party websites, does not monitor such websites, and will not be responsible or liable to anyone for such websites, or any content, products or services available on or through such websites. You agree not to take any action. To undermine the integrity of PriceListing's computer system or network and / or other users. and may not access such computer systems or networks without permission. You agree that you will not take any action that undermines the integrity of PriceListing's feedback system, such as using a secondary member ID or leaving positive feedback for yourself through a third party, or Leaving unfounded negative feedback for another user. By posting or displaying logos, trademarks, service marks, trademarks, product listing descriptions/information and any other information, content or materials (any information, content or materials, collectively “User Content”) on the Sites; or by providing 'PriceListing to the User' and/or its affiliates and their respective representatives, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the User to PriceListing and/or its affiliates and their respective entities an irrevocable , grants a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free and sublicensable license (at multiple levels). To display, transmit, distribute, reproduce, publish, copy, adapt, edit, modify, translate, create derivative works from, remove any part of User Content; (including, without limitation, watermark or trademark that your User Content bears. ) and otherwise use any or all of your User Content for anyone. BUT, SUPPORT OR TECHNOLOGY, NOW KNOWN OR IN ANY WAY NOT NOW KNOWN, ON THE SITES, Alibaba Channels and/or Third Party Channels and for any purpose that directly or indirectly benefits PriceListing from the operation of the Websites. May deliver, provide promotional services and services and/or user activity. You represent and warrant to PriceListing that you have all rights, power and authority necessary to provide the above License and User Content, and that such User Content (derivatives) by PriceListing and/or its affiliates under this License use) is free to infringe or violate the rights of any third parties. To the extent permitted by law, you waive your right to enforce your intellectual property rights in User Content against PriceListing and/or its affiliates, assigns or sub-licensees in connection with your use of such User Content. Information protected by data protection laws will only be used and stored in accordance with those laws. User must be registered with the Sites in order to access or use certain Services (a Registered User is also referred to as a “Member” below). A user may only register one member account on the site unless authorized by PriceListing. PriceListing may suspend or terminate a user's member account if PriceListing has reason to suspect that the user has registered or controls two or more member accounts at the same time. In addition, PriceListing may decline a User's registration application for any reason. Upon registration on the Sites, PriceListing will assign an account and issue an ID and password to each registered User (the latter will be chosen by the registered User during registration). The account may have a web email account with limited storage space for members to send or receive email. A unique combination of member ID and password for an account. Each Member maintains the confidentiality and security of its Member ID and Password and is solely responsible for all uses and activities (whether such use or activities are authorized or not) occurring on Your Account. No Member may transfer, assign or authorize the use of their account, ID or password by another person, including others within the Member's business organization (if applicable).

Member may not use the Sites, Services or Member Account to engage in activities identical or similar to PriceListing's e-commerce trading activities. If a Member provides a business reference, the Member represents, warrants and agrees that you have obtained all necessary approvals and approvals. and any such arbitrator's waiver of (a) serving as a business arbitrator; (b) post and post your contact details and information, reference letters and comments on your behalf; and (c) third parties may contact such business arbitrators to endorse any claims or representations relating to you. You further warrant and agree that all reference letters and comments are true and accurate and that professional referees may be contacted by third parties without obtaining your consent. Member agrees to provide all necessary information, materials and approvals, and to provide all reasonable assistance and collaboration necessary for PriceListing's service provision, to assess whether the member has breached the terms, and / or to resolve a complaint against the member.
If a Member's failure to do so results in the delay, suspension or termination of any Service, PriceListing has no obligation to extend the applicable service period and shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from or in relation to this. adjournment, suspension or termination. Member acknowledges and agrees that PriceListing reserves the right, but is not required, to monitor or exercise any editorial control over the content of any message, material or information (including User Content) created, obtained or accessed through the Services or Pages. PriceListing does not endorse, verify or otherwise certify the content of comments or other materials or information (including User Content) created, posted, posted, displayed or otherwise made by Members. Each Member is solely responsible for the content of their communications and may be legally responsible for the content of comments or other content or information. Member acknowledges and agrees that only use of the Site and Services is permitted. by companies and their agents for use and not for individual consumers or personal use Member acknowledges and agrees that each Member is solely responsible for compliance with applicable laws and regulations in their respective jurisdiction to ensure that all access and use of the Site and Services complies with the same. Each member represents, warrants and agrees that
(a)     you and your affiliates must comply with applicable laws and regulations in your business (including, but not limited to, applicable laws and regulations relating to product safety, intellectual property rights, protection personal data, consumer protection, product or regulatory certification, import and export controls, unfair competition, price gouging, deceptive advertising, labor, environment, health and safety, anti-bribery and money laundering).
(b) You and your affiliates are not subject to any commercial restrictions, sanctions or other legal restrictions that have been enacted or proposed to be enacted by any state, international organization or jurisdiction (“Eligible Subjects”);
(c) you and your affiliates do not provide products or services that may give rise to any restrictions, penalties or other legal restrictions on international trade by any relevant entity;
(d) neither you nor any of your parent or affiliate companies receive, directly or indirectly, or provide any money, goods or services to the related entities;
(e) You agree at all times to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding export controls and sanctions with respect to products, services, software, and technology when using the Services, including sanctions resolutions and laws and regulations approved and approved by the United Nations Security Council. the People's Republic of China, the United States of America and any other country;
(f) if you and your affiliates are sellers of products that require a warning under CCHS Section 25249.6 (“Proposition 65 Warning”), you will (a) immediately display a Proposition 65 warning with information about the product in accordance with relevant legislation requirements relevance; (b) authorize PriceListing to display Display Alert 65 on your behalf; and (c) revise or remove a Product Display Warning 65 only when the previous warning must be modified or is no longer required by law, as the case may be; and
(g) you and your affiliates are responsible for compliance of your products with the applicable laws and regulations of the destination country/region, including relevant labor laws and standards. If a product is not allowed in one or more markets, the sites reserve the right to remove the product listing or to stop selling any product in those markets.

If at any time you fail to meet any of the above requirements, you must immediately stop using the Service. If PriceListing reasonably believes that any of your conduct violates or threatens to violate applicable laws and regulations, PriceListing may, in its sole discretion, at any time, take such action as it deems appropriate in light of the circumstances, including, without limitation, a, terminate the provision of the Services, terminate the affected purchase orders and cancel their accounts, reserving all the rights it may have with respect to any action or non-conforming behavior of its members. reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to remove, edit, or reject any User Content (in whole or in part) that you submit, post, or display on the Sites that we reasonably believe (i) violates applicable laws and regulations , (ii) violate the conditions below, (iii) could hold PriceListing or our affiliates liable, (iv) violate the rights of third parties, (v) could harm the interests of our members, a third party, or PriceListing or our affiliates , or (vi) is deemed inappropriate in PriceListing's sole discretion. If a Member violates the Terms, or if PriceListing has reasonable grounds to believe that the Member is violating the Terms, PriceListing reserves the right to take any disciplinary action it deems appropriate; including but not limited to: (i) suspension or termination of a Member's Account and any accounts designated by PriceListing in its sole discretion to be associated with such Account, such suspension or termination; or without liability for any loss or damage arising in connection therewith; (ii) limit, curtail, suspend or terminate your current or future membership, access or use of any Service; (iii) remove any Product Listings or other User Content that a Member has submitted, posted or displayed, or impose restrictions on the number of Product Listings or User Content that a Member posts or displays; can (iv) impose such other restrictions on Member's use of any feature or function of any Service as PriceListing deems appropriate in its sole discretion; and (v) any other corrective action, disciplinary action or sanction that PriceListing in its sole discretion deems necessary or appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, Members shall be deemed to have breached the Terms in the following circumstances: a) Upon receipt of the purchase price by the Member to whom the Member provides products or services using the Site and the Services, PriceListing will not deliver the items ordered by this third party or if the item does not materially meet the terms and conditions set out in the contract with the third party, b) PriceListing will use the stolen credit card or other information that is false or misleading to the other party; c) If PriceListing has reasonable grounds to suspect that the information provided by the Member is outdated or false d) PriceListing believes that the Member's actions may result in financial loss or liability to PriceListing or our affiliates or other users. PriceListing reserves the right to cooperate fully with government or regulatory authorities, law enforcement agencies, private investigators and/or affected third parties in the investigation of suspected criminal or civil misconduct. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and policies, PriceListing may disclose Member's identity, contact information and/or information relating to Member's account(s) or transactions or activities that take place on or through the Site. by a government, regulatory agency or law enforcement, or any third party aggrieved, or as a result of a subpoena or other legal process. PriceListing shall not be liable for any damages or consequences arising out of such disclosure, and the Member agrees not to bring any suit or action against PriceListing for such disclosure. PriceListing may, at any time and in our reasonable discretion, restrict, suspend or terminate a Member's use of any Service or Sites, without any liability to the Member, if PriceListing receives notice that the Member is in breach of any agreement or obligation. Partners including Taobao, Alipay, China Yahoo! This violation involves or is reasonably suspected of dishonest or fraudulent activities.
PriceListing reserves the right, but has no obligation, to investigate such violations or seek confirmation from Members. Each Member agrees to indemnify PriceListing, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and agents from all damages. Submission, publication or display of User Content, access to or use of the Site or Services, or any violation of the Terms or Additional Agreements. Each Member further agrees that PriceListing is not and shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any User Content or other Content transmitted through the Sites or Services, including, without limitation, fraud, lies, misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, offensive or illegal content. and that the risk of harm from such User Content or any other content rests solely with the Member. PriceListing reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to a Member, in which event the Member shall cooperate with PriceListing in seeking available remedies. For any service, PriceListing will not represent either the seller or the buyer in specific transactions. PriceListing does not control and is not responsible for the quality, safety, legality or availability of products or services offered for sale on the Site, the seller's ability to complete a sale, or the buyer's ability to complete a purchase. We inform users about the possible risks associated with communicating with people acting under false pretenses. PriceListing uses various techniques to verify the accuracy of certain information that our paying Users provide to us when they register for a paying membership service on the Sites. However, due to the complexity of online user verification, PriceListing cannot and will not verify the purported identity of each user (including but not limited to paid members). We encourage you to use common sense as well as various means to assess who you are doing business with. or service. Buyers and sellers who access or make full use of the Website or the Services shall be liable for any liability or damages in connection with or in connection with any subsequent activities relating to the products or services subject to transactions on site Examples of such risks include, but are not limited to, misrepresentation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory product quality, non-compliance with specifications, defective or unsafe products, illegal products, delays or delays in delivery or payment, pricing errors. , breach of warranty, breach of contract, traffic accidents, risk that the manufacture, import, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of the products or services offered or displayed on the Site infringes or is alleged to infringe third parties and the risk that users will incur defense or other costs associated with enforcing the rights of third parties or in connection with any claim by any party entitled to the defense or indemnification in connection with the enforcement of the rights, claims or claims of applicants and rights of third parties. Examples of such risks include the risk of claims from consumers, other buyers, end users of products or other third parties that they have suffered injury or damage through the use of products obtained through the Site or the Services. All of the above risks are referred to as "Trading Risks". PriceListing shall not be liable for any damage, claim, liability, expense, injury, inconvenience, business interruption or expense arising out of or in connection with any transaction risk. Buyers and sellers on the Site are solely responsible for creating and enforcing the terms and conditions of transactions conducted on, through or as a result of your use of the Site or Services. This includes, but is not limited to, conditions related to payments, returns, warranties, shipping, insurance, fees, taxes, title, licenses, fines, licenses, handling, shipping and storage. with additional obligations, you agree to provide all information and materials that PriceListing may reasonably require in connection with your transaction, through or as a result of your use of the Site or Services. PriceListing reserves the right to suspend or terminate any user account if the user fails to provide the requested information and materials, without liability for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with such suspension or termination . In the event of a dispute between the User and any party to the transaction, the User agrees to indemnify PriceListing (and our agents, affiliates, directors, officers and employees) against any and all claims, demands, actions, actions, costs, expenses, and damages (including, (but not limited to actual or special damages) or incidental or consequential) arising out of or in connection with such disputes or transactions.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE BY MALLVILLAGE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND MALLVILLAGE IS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE. expressly disclaims any and all liability in this regard. THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, QUALITY, DURABILITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY. Selling ability or fitness for a particular purpose ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS AND LIABILITIES ARE EXCLUDED.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, PriceListing MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE VALIDITY, ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, STABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED; PriceListing DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE MANUFACTURE, IMPORT, EXPORT, DISTRIBUTION, PRESENTATION, EXHIBITION, PURCHASE, SALE AND/OR USE OF THE PRODUCT OR SERVICES OFFERED OR PROVIDED ON THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED; AND PriceListing MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED OR DISPLAYED ON THE SITE.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Site or the Services is done at the sole discretion and risk of each user, and each user is solely responsible for any damage to his or her own computer system or PriceListing or loss of data that may result from downloading of such material. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM Mall Village OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.

The Sites may make available to users services or products provided by independent third parties. No warranties or representations are made with respect to such services or products. In no event shall PriceListing or our affiliates be liable for such services or products. Each User agrees to indemnify and hold PriceListing, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless from any losses, claims and liabilities (including legal fees on a fully indemnified basis) that may arise from such User's access or use of the Sites or Services (including, but not limited to, the posting, posting or displaying of User Information and User Content on the Sites, Alibaba Channels or Third Party Channels within the promotion) or your breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth below and the terms and conditions of the Terms. Each User hereby agrees to indemnify PriceListing, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees from any and all losses, damages, claims and liabilities (including legal fees on a fully indemnified basis) that may arise from User's breach of any representations and warranties the User has made to PriceListing, each User agrees hereby indemnify and hold PriceListing, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees from and against any and all losses, damages, claims and liabilities (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) that may arise directly or indirectly as a result of any claims asserted by third party rights claimants or third parties Others in connection with User Content, information and/or products displayed or displayed on the Sites. Further, each user agrees that PriceListing is not responsible or liable to you for any material posted by others, including material that is defamatory, offensive or illegal, and that the risk of harm from such material rests solely with per user. PriceListing reserves the right at its own expense. To prevent and control any matter under indemnification by you. In such event, you will cooperate with PriceListing in verifying any available protections. PriceListing shall not be liable for any special, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or for damages, whether contractual, negligent or otherwise, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits or savings, business interruption, loss of information is not responsible. , tort, equity or other or other damages resulting from any of the following: a) use or inability to use the Site or Services; b) defects in goods, samples, data, information or services purchased or obtained from you or any other third party through the Site or Services; c) any right or claim or requirement of any third party to manufacture, import, export, distribute, offer, display, purchase, sell and/or use any product or service offered or displayed through the Website or Services may infringe; o Can be claimed to infringe the rights of third parties. or any claim by the party entitled to any defense or indemnification in relation to the claim, demand or demand of the third-party claimant, d) third-party unauthorized access to your data or personal information, statements or actions, or; f) Any problem with the Site or the Services, including negligence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire liability of PriceListing, our employees, agents, affiliates, agents or any user acting on our behalf to any user for any claim arising out of access to or use of the Site or Services during any calendar year. shall be limited to the greater of (a) the amount of fees paid by the User to PriceListing in exchange for access to or use of the Site or Services during the calendar year and (b) the maximum amount permitted by applicable law. The preceding sentence does not preclude the User's request to prove actual damage. All claims arising out of the use of the Site or Services must be brought within one (1) year from the date of the claim or such longer period as may be provided by applicable law governing the Terms.

The limitations and exclusions of liability to you under the Terms will apply to the fullest extent permitted by law and will apply regardless of whether PriceListing has been notified or should have known of the possibility of such losses. PriceListing will not be responsible. or obliged to pay compensation of any nature for any loss resulting from the unavailability, inconvenience or malfunction of the services or systems due to the following reasons: (i) shutdown of the system for maintenance; (ii) inability to transmit data due to failure of communication terminals or telecommunications equipment; (iii) systems failure and inability to perform their functions) due to force majeure events, including but not limited to typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power outages, fires, storms, war, political unrest, labor strikes, shortages of labor or materials, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, explosions, acts of God, governmental actions, orders from domestic or foreign courts, non-compliance by third parties; or (iv) suspension or delay in service or system failures due to reasons beyond PriceListing's reasonable control, such as hacking or cyber attacks, technical adjustments or failures of the telecommunications department, website updates.